W-22512036 hyperforce 0630 duke (#480)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Business owner Devon has apps across different runtime planes. He has aggregated dashboards of the regional or project-specific apps, and he can easily determine what is consuming the most resources and evangelize accordingly.

[[classic]]
== Classic and Enhanced Monitoring Views

> On EU and US Clouds, access to features from classic and enhanced views are currently available. Clicking a feature, such as *Insights* from the Classic Monitoring view opens to features that are now available in the enhanced view, and includes a link back to Classic Monitoring view, *Open Classic Monitoring*.

Author: ```suggestion
On EU and US Clouds, Anypoint Monitoring provides access to features from Classic Monitoring and enhanced views. Clicking a feature, such as *Insights* from the Classic Monitoring view opens to features that are now available from the enhanced view, and includes a link back to Classic Monitoring view, *Open Classic Monitoring*. 
```
